Hello, Tampa! Hello, USF!

I know I'm only the second most exciting thing that's happened here in the last few days. Your big win to open your football season got some attention.
But I am always happy to be at a university that is doing such a superb job in preparing the next generation of students. I had the great privilege of speaking to your president, Dr. Genshaft. Thank you. And I will talk in a minute about some of what I've learned about USF and why I think a lot of what you do here is a model for what we need to do in higher education.

But for me it's exciting to be here with so many friends. I want to start by thanking Mary Lent, who just introduced me. Air Force reservist, former commander of the 927th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, a woman who has served her country with honor and distinction. I would be proud to be her commander-in-chief.

I want to thank your extraordinary mayor, Bob Buckhorn. Bob is an example of the kind of leader who gets things done by bringing people together, setting big goals and working to achieve them. That's exactly what I want to do as president, and I look forward to working with Bob and the people of this great city and region. And that includes a longtime friend of mine, State Senator Arthenia Joyner. I have known Arthenia long before she was in elected office, but she's always been an activist, always trying to make things better for people. I've known her for, oh, I hate to admit it, 25 years, and I am so grateful she is my friend.

This is the countdown to one of the most important elections in our lifetimes. No matter what your age, this is going to determine so much about your futures, the futures of our children and grandchildren. The stakes could not be higher. Everyone knows what an important state Florida is, and it's not just because it's always a hard-fought state; it's because Florida shows all of the excitement, the dynamism, the opportunities as well as the challenges and problems that we have to face together.

So we have 62 days – 62 days to make the case. And I can't do it without you. And I'm here to lay out my case one more time and to ask for your help, because every single vote counts. Our campaign set a goal in July. We launched a drive to register three million Americans to vote this election. We have hosted thousands of events across the country, including right here in Florida. And today I'm asking every one of you to give us some of your precious time to be part of this campaign. And I'm going to run through some of the reasons why every single person here has a real stake in making sure our country heads into the future with confidence and optimism, that we truly are stronger together.
